Okay. So now, I'm just going to explain some code that I've already written for you.
This is just to tie things up so
that notice that we only calculated the feature importance for a single feature.
So we just will create this function shap_tree_explainer,
and it will take that tree object,
it will take that sample data point,
and it will just loop through
all features and call that shap_feature_i function that we just defined earlier,
and then append that to a list.
Then it will return that list as a NumPy array.
One last step, we can start from an actual SKLearn model itself, and from there,
so here's the function shap_tree_model_explainer is going to take
the SKLearn model itself and just extract that SKLearn tree,
wrap it inside the tree class that we had defined earlier,
and then go ahead and call that shap_tree_explainer which is defined here.
Okay. So now, the next video is going to conceptually give you
an explanation for additive feature attribution. So stay tuned.